doc: Refactor coverage documentation (#406)
codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter: docs/index.md

</tbody>
</table>

> ### Handling unsupported report formats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling unsupported languages
```

Reviewer: the table above appears to be more centered around languages

Reviewer: and consider linking to the "unsupported languages" too

Author: To my eyes, the limiting factor here seems to be the coverage report formats that the Codacy Coverage Reporter is able to parse (the table above gives examples of the common report formats generated for each language).

But this may just be a semantic detail, and in the end, the coverage reporter converters that we're suggesting will most likely be needed when the developers are working on a language that isn't included in the table. :+1:

## 2. Uploading coverage data to Codacy {: id="uploading-coverage"}

> After having coverage reports set up for your repository, you must use the Codacy Coverage Reporter to convert the reports to smaller JSON files and upload these files to Codacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After having coverage reports set up for your repository, you must use the Codacy Coverage Reporter to upload them to Codacy.
```

Author: Fair enough, that's a nice simplification! :ok_hand: :heart:

The recommended way to do this is by using a CI/CD platform that automatically runs tests, generates coverage, and uses the Codacy Coverage Reporter to upload the coverage report information for every push to your repository.

!!! note "Alternative ways of running the Codacy Coverage Reporter"

>     The instructions on this page assume that you'll run a self-contained bash script `get.sh` to automatically download and run the most recent version of the Codacy Coverage Reporter.

Reviewer: for those with security concerns, would it be worth mentioning the checksum mechanism to guarantee the integrity of the reporter? linking to the source of the get.sh file?

Author: That's a good idea! The link to the [source](https://github.com/codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter/blob/master/get.sh) is actually also missing here:

https://docs.codacy.com/coverage-reporter/alternative-ways-of-running-coverage-reporter/

Author: I reworked this a bit, I think it's quite better now. :nerd_face:

    Check the console output to validate that the Codacy Coverage Reporter **detected the correct commit UUID** and **successfully uploaded** the coverage data to Codacy. If you need help, [check the troubleshooting page](troubleshooting-common-issues.md) for solutions to the most common setup issues.

    !!! note

>         Be sure to also check the [instructions for more advanced scenarios](uploading-coverage-in-advanced-scenarios.md) while uploading the coverage data to Codacy, such as when you need to upload multiple coverage reports.

Reviewer: would it be more giving examples of what these advanced use cases are? parallel tests, multiple languages, monorepos, ...

Author: Good suggestion, this will help the users decide if they need to check out the advanced instructions or not.
